Task 4-b:
Search Engines perform better for accessibility because anyone can use a search engine no matter their creed; 
all it takes is the right tech and the possibilities are limitless with what can be accessed or researched. 
Community pages can’t quite live up to this because community pages are inherently going to skew communities 
towards community constituents in a way such that outsiders may not be able to fully appreciate or experience 
that page as much as the people that the pages are “meant” for. For security, Community Pages are the best 
because community pages can have moderators, administrators, and the community itself to stay safe and welcoming 
while also maintaining a place for peace. Search engines are more vulnerable to random links, sites that 
artificially boost rankings, and random advertisements/malware that could harm the integrity of the engine. 

4-c:
PageRank makes assumptions about word frequencies and the frequency of links to certain pages, assumptions 
that could be used on a large-scale basis but could fall flat on a micro scale. I do think his statement is 
accurate; everything is algorithmic nowadays and you often don’t see a truly unbiased view from systems on 
the Internet. Even if a person looks up something specific to them, there will be biases in the search that 
can lead to astray pages and micro-inaccuracies for an oblivious user. Thus, a gap can be created and perpetuated. 
Search ultimately cares about profit and sustainability; it can achieve these things by boosting certain results 
and keeping certain results away so that user longevity is attained without any other better alternatives. 

Task 5-d:
Fowler’s argument was certainly made clear with the “jeans” search; a large ad came up first and then Google Maps 
and then a “People Also Ask” and then finally a normal link. While no ads came up for “climate change is fake”, 
what did come up were some sites for pages that refused to believe the severity of climate change or even the 
existence of climate change. The first link, a Forbes article, had a “clickbait” title that would likely give the 
wrong impression to people who are looking either for validation or for the “truth”, and this inherent bias is 
what Noble was mentioning in her book. And again, “buy zofran” comes up with more ads first instead of more direct 
sources, strengthening Fowler’s argument. 

5-e:
The conduit theory prioritizes the search engine’s perspective because what the engine ranks is what’s displayed, 
no matter the bias of the user or the websites it shows. The editor theory prioritizes the website’s perspective, 
since now it’s a matter of what is most interesting and “important” from a website, with rankings that could be 
manipulated by editors to show a display that helps websites and profits rather than the user or the engine itself. 
The advisor theory prioritizes the user’s perspective because it inherently only tries to show the user what they 
want to see and know. It caters to the user even at the sacrifice of neutrality and differing viewpoints. 

5-f: 
The theory that best describes the aims of engines today is the editor theory, with developers like Google and 
corporations that own websites being the editors. Engines want profit and engagement most of all, and it does this 
by pushing information that is the most interesting rather than what is most pertinent. Noble and Fowler would 
definitely support the conduit theory the most; Noble only wanted to plan a fun time for her children, which is what 
the conduit theory would grant her, and Fowler didn’t want the editor theory to bog results with ads, so the conduit 
theory would be best as well. I agree with them: conduit theory is inherently what search engines should strive to 
achieve if engines are truly to be tools for seeking unbiased knowledge.
